Meeting notes 2022-04-21 (#2812)
Couchers-org/couchers: docs/meetings/web/2022-04-21.md

# Web meeting 21 April 2022

**Present:** Guillermo, Jesse, Lucas

## Discussion:

- Talked about translations progress

> - Metnioned what will need to refactored for Django (later))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mentioned what will need to be refactored for Django (later)
```
